claude/commands/commit-and-pr.md, before:

---
allowed-tools: Bash(git checkout --branch:*), Bash(git add:*), Bash(git status:*), Bash(git push:*), Bash(git commit:*), Bash(gh pr create:*), Bash(git diff:*), Bash(git log:*)
description: Commit, push, and open a Draft PR
---

## Context

- Current git status: !`git status`
- Current git diff (staged and unstaged changes): !`git diff HEAD`
- Current branch: !`git branch --show-current`
- Changed files stats: !`git diff --stat HEAD`

## Your task

Based on the above changes:

1. Create a new branch if on main (or master)
2. Create a single commit with an appropriate message (write in Japanese)
3. Push the branch to origin
4. Generate PR title and description (write in Japanese):
   - First check if the repository has a pull request template (`.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md` or similar)
   - If a template exists, follow that template structure
   - If no template exists, use this default format:
     ```
     ## What
     {{ what was changed - facts }}

     ## Why
     {{ why this change was necessary }}

     ## 🔗 Related Issues

     ## 💡 Discussion Points / Technical Concerns
     ```
5. **IMPORTANT**: Present the generated PR title and description to the user for confirmation and allow them to make edits before proceeding
6. After user approval, create a draft pull request using `gh pr create --draft`

## Important Notes

- Never commit secrets (.env, credentials.json, etc.)

Commit message:

fix: Claude Codeコマンドの権限エラーを修正
パイプを使ったコマンドが権限チェックで複数の操作として分割され、エラーになっていた問題を修正。
git rev-parse --abbrev-ref origin/HEADを使用することで、sedとのパイプを不要にした。

claude/commands/commit-and-pr.md, after:

---
allowed-tools: Bash(git checkout --branch:*), Bash(git add:*), Bash(git status:*), Bash(git push:*), Bash(git commit:*), Bash(gh pr create:*), Bash(git diff:*), Bash(git log:*), Bash(git rev-parse:*), Bash(git branch:*)
description: Commit, push, and open a Draft PR
---

## Context

- Current git status: !`git status`
- Current git diff (staged and unstaged changes): !`git diff HEAD`
- Current branch: !`git branch --show-current`
- Changed files stats: !`git diff --stat HEAD`
- Base branch name: !`git rev-parse --abbrev-ref origin/HEAD`
- Recent commits on current branch: !`git log --oneline -20`

## Your task

Based on the above changes:

1. Identify the base branch (main or master) and review all commits and changes since branching from it
2. Create a new branch if on main (or master)
3. Create a single commit with an appropriate message (write in Japanese)
4. Push the branch to origin
5. Generate PR title and description (write in Japanese):
   - **Analyze the full diff from the base branch (main/master) to understand all changes that will be included in the PR**
   - Review all commits since branching from base to understand the complete context
   - Use git log and git diff commands to gather this information as needed
   - First check if the repository has a pull request template (`.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md` or similar)
   - If a template exists, follow that template structure
   - If no template exists, use this default format:
     ```
     ## What
     {{ what was changed - facts }}

     ## Why
     {{ why this change was necessary }}

     ## 🔗 Related Issues

     ## 💡 Discussion Points / Technical Concerns
     ```
6. **IMPORTANT**: Present the generated PR title and description to the user for confirmation and allow them to make edits before proceeding
7. After user approval, create a draft pull request using `gh pr create --draft`

## Important Notes

- Never commit secrets (.env, credentials.json, etc.)
